readme.md, before:

# Web Development Super-small starter template

This repository contains code for future demonstrating simple examples of Object Oriented Programming, recent updates in HTML and CSS: HTML5 semantic syntax, CSS selectors, flexbox and so on.

Feel free to explore and dive deeper into topics that seem interesting to you. If you believe some echnology or a tool can save you a lot of time, I highly encourage you to check links below.

### Git

[Github Education Pack](https://education.github.com/pack)

[Git How To](https://githowto.com)

[Oh shit Git](http://ohshitgit.com)

[Git Tutorial with Web Terminal](https://try.github.io/)

### Everything 

[Self-study plan to be better](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)

[All the useful content on every topic 🔥🔥](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) — collection of all the resources for the most popular technologies. If you want to learn more about anything, just go there.

### CSS

[Complete Guide to Flexbox 🔥](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

[CSS3 Selectors 🔥](http://flukeout.github.io/)

### Design

[Google Material Design](https://material.io/)


### Javascript

[JavaScript Re-Introduction](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

[Eloquent Javascript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/) — Book. Big and exhaustive. If you want to learn more about how Javascript works, it is the best place.

[EcmaScript 6 features](http://es6-features.org/)

[Egghead.io ES6 🔥](https://egghead.io/courses/learn-es6-ecmascript-2015)

[FreeCodeCamp OOP JS](https://www.freecodecamp.org/challenges/declare-javascript-objects-as-variables)

Commit message:

Added link to previous code state

readme.md, after:

# IMPORTANT!

You can find the example on state and props here: https://github.com/kafq/bit16/tree/0f75d724fd6c29497b9c991ce3598f771c887344

All the previous code is available from commits

# React Native Basics

This repository contains code for future demonstrating simple examples of Object Oriented Programming, recent updates in HTML and CSS: HTML5 semantic syntax, CSS selectors, flexbox and so on.

Feel free to explore and dive deeper into topics that seem interesting to you. If you believe some echnology or a tool can save you a lot of time, I highly encourage you to check links below.

### Git

[Github Education Pack](https://education.github.com/pack)

[Git How To](https://githowto.com)

[Oh shit Git](http://ohshitgit.com)

[Git Tutorial with Web Terminal](https://try.github.io/)

### Everything 

[Self-study plan to be better](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)

[All the useful content on every topic 🔥🔥](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) — collection of all the resources for the most popular technologies. If you want to learn more about anything, just go there.

### CSS

[Complete Guide to Flexbox 🔥](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

[CSS3 Selectors 🔥](http://flukeout.github.io/)

### Design

[Google Material Design](https://material.io/)


### Javascript

[JavaScript Re-Introduction](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

[Eloquent Javascript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/) — Book. Big and exhaustive. If you want to learn more about how Javascript works, it is the best place.

[EcmaScript 6 features](http://es6-features.org/)

[Egghead.io ES6 🔥](https://egghead.io/courses/learn-es6-ecmascript-2015)

[FreeCodeCamp OOP JS](https://www.freecodecamp.org/challenges/declare-javascript-objects-as-variables)
